[Doc] Add doc for tokenSettingPrefix (#12152)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

|brokerClientTlsCiphers| Specify the tls cipher the internal client will use to negotiate during TLS Handshake. (a comma-separated list of ciphers) e.g.  [TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256]||
|brokerClientTlsProtocols|Specify the tls protocols the broker will use to negotiate during TLS handshake. (a comma-separated list of protocol names). e.g.  `TLSv1.3`, `TLSv1.2` ||
|ttlDurationDefaultInSeconds|The default Time to Live (TTL) for namespaces if the TTL is not configured at namespace policies. When the value is set to `0`, TTL is disabled. By default, TTL is disabled. |0|

> |tokenSettingPrefix| Configure the prefix of the token related setting like `tokenSecretKey`, `tokenPublicKey`, `tokenAuthClaim`, `tokenPublicAlg`, `tokenAudienceClaim`, and `tokenAudience`. ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|tokenSettingPrefix| Configure the prefix of the token-related settings, such as `tokenSecretKey`, `tokenPublicKey`, `tokenAuthClaim`, `tokenPublicAlg`, `tokenAudienceClaim`, and `tokenAudience`. ||
```
